feat: release version 2.6.1 (#1912)
apache/apisix-dashboard: CHANGELOG.md

- [1.5.0](#150)
- [1.0.0](#100)

# 2.6.1

> This release mainly bugfix and improves test cases for `Manager API`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release mainly contains several bugfixes and test case improvements for `Manager API`.
```

Reviewer: By the way, this sentence is not correct as there are some features listed in the change log context.

> `Manager API` 2.6.1 should be used with [Apache APISIX 2.6](https://apisix.apache.org/downloads/). It is not recommended to use with other Apache APISIX versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note `Manager API` `2.6.1` should be used with [Apache APISIX 2.6](https://apisix.apache.org/downloads/). It is not recommended to use it with other Apache APISIX versions.
```

### Core

> - Feat: support HTTPS for Manager API [#1824](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/1824)

Reviewer 2: So many features for a patched version 🤣🤣

- Feat: run manager-api as an OS agnostic service [#1667](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/1667)
- Feat: refactor Plugin Orchestration [#1813](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/1813)
- Feat: add the service page upstream select option [#1633](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/1633)

> - Feat: improve the Duplicate Route feature [#1833](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/1833)

Reviewer: Actually, it's not a good practice when you release a patched version but carrying so many features.
